https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree.git ~/.vim/bundle/nerdtree
https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/ctrlp.vim
https://github.com/vim-syntastic/syntastic.git ~/.vim/bundle/syntastic
https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-fugitive
https://github.com/dag/vim-fish.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-fish
https://github.com/editorconfig/editorconfig-vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/editorconfig-vim
https://github.com/kshenoy/vim-signature.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-signature
https://github.com/tomtom/tlib_vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/tlib_vim
https://github.com/MarcWeber/vim-addon-mw-utils.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-addon-mw-utils
https://github.com/garbas/vim-snipmate.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-snipmate
https://github.com/tpope/vim-surround.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-surround
https://github.com/tpope/vim-commentary.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-commentary
https://github.com/kana/vim-textobj-user.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-textobj-user
https://github.com/mustache/vim-mustache-handlebars.git ~/.vim/bundle/mustache
https://github.com/pangloss/vim-javascript.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-javascript
https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar ~/.vim/bundle/tagbar
https://github.com/leafgarland/typescript-vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/typescript-vim
https://github.com/jiangmiao/auto-pairs.git ~/.vim/bundle/auto-pairs
https://github.com/Quramy/tsuquyomi ~/.vim/bundle/tsuquyomi
https://github.com/shawncplus/phpcomplete.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/phpcomplete.vim
https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular.git ~/.vim/bundle/tabular
https://github.com/joshdick/onedark.vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/ondedark.vim
https://github.com/dracula/vim.git ~/.vim/bundle/dracula-theme
https://github.com/fcpg/vim-farout ~/.vim/bundle/vim-farout
https://github.com/altercation/vim-colors-solarized.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-colors-solarized
